docs: Revised numaflow introduction (#1829)
numaproj/numaflow: README.md

[![Release Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/numaproj/numaflow?label=numaflow)](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow/releases/latest)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6078/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6078)

> Welcome to Numaflow, a Kubernetes-native platform designed for developing scalable and reliable event-driven applications. Numaflow decouples event sources and sinks from the processing logic, allowing each component to independently auto-scale based on demand. With out-of-the-box sources and sinks, developers can focus solely on the processing logic without worrying about event consumption, boilerplate code, or operational complexities. Each step of the pipeline can be written in any programming language, offering unparalleled flexibility and ease of use

Reviewer: `docs/README.md` also needs to be updated.

Reviewer: Period.

> Welcome to Numaflow, a Kubernetes-native platform designed for developing scalable and reliable event-driven applications. Numaflow decouples event sources and sinks from the processing logic, allowing each component to independently auto-scale based on demand. With out-of-the-box sources and sinks, developers can focus solely on the processing logic without worrying about event consumption, boilerplate code, or operational complexities. Each step of the pipeline can be written in any programming language, offering unparalleled flexibility and ease of use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to Numaflow! A Kubernetes-native, serverless platform for running scalable and reliable event-driven applications, including in-cluster, realtime, event processing. Numaflow decouples event sources and sinks from the processing logic, allowing each component to independently auto-scale based on demand. With out-of-the-box sources and sinks, and built-in observability, developers can focus on their processing logic without worrying about event consumption, boilerplate code, or operational complexities. Each step of the pipeline can be written in any programming language, offering unparalleled flexibility in using the best programming language for each step, and the ease of using the languages you are most familiar with.
```

> Numaflow, created by the team behind Argo, leverages their expertise to deliver a robust and scalable end-to-end platform for event-driven applications

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Numaflow, created by the team at Intuit behind Argo, leverages their expertise to deliver a robust and scalable end-to-end platform for event-driven applications
```

> Numaflow, created by the team at Intuit behind Argo, leverages their expertise to deliver a robust and scalable end-to-end platform for event-driven applications

Reviewer: Do we really need to add this?

> Numaflow, created by the team at Intuit behind Argo, leverages their expertise to deliver a robust and scalable end-to-end platform for event-driven applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Numaflow, created by the Intuit Argo team in response to community requests for continuous event processing, leverages their expertise to deliver a scalable and robust, serverless platform for event-driven applications.
```

> ![Numaflow Pipeline](./ui/src/images/simple-pipeline.png)

Reviewer: Put the image in `docs/assets/`

## Use Cases

- Event driven applications: Process events as they happen, e.g., updating inventory and sending customer notifications in e-commerce
- Real time analytics: Analyze data instantly, e.g., social media analytics, observability data processing
- Inference on streaming data: Perform real-time predictions, e.g., anomaly detection
- Workflows running in a streaming manner

## Key Features

> - Kubernetes-native: If you know Kubernetes, you already know how to use Numaflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes-native: If you know Kubernetes, you already know how to use Numaflow
- Serverless: Focus on your code and let the system scale up and down based on demand.
```

[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6078/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6078)

Welcome to Numaflow! A Kubernetes-native, serverless platform for running scalable and reliable event-driven applications. Numaflow decouples event sources and sinks from the processing logic, allowing each component to independently auto-scale based on demand. With out-of-the-box sources and sinks, and built-in observability, developers can focus on their processing logic without worrying about event consumption, writing boilerplate code, or operational complexities. Each step of the pipeline can be written in any programming language, offering unparalleled flexibility in using the best programming language for each step and ease of using the languages you are most familiar with.

Numaflow, created by the Intuit Argo team to address community needs for continuous event processing, leverages their expertise to deliver a scalable and robust, serverless platform for event-driven applications.

> ![Numaflow Pipeline](./docs/assets/simple-pipeline.png)

Reviewer 3: do we need this? it is an oversimplified diagram.

Author: Updated the image with a better pipeline
